account_asset_analytic/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

======================
Account asset analytic
======================

This module allows you to define an analytic account per asset and creates
expenses moves with that analytic account instead of the analytic account
per category, as the standard does.


Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/87/8.0


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account-analytic/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.


Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@tecnativa.com>
* Antonio Espinosa <antonio.espinosa@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[MIG] account_asset_analytic: Migrated to 10.0

account_asset_analytic/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3

======================
Account asset analytic
======================

This module allows you to define an analytic account per asset and creates
expenses moves with that analytic account instead of the analytic account
per category, as the standard does.

It also propagates analytic account from invoice line to analytic account line.


Usage
=====

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/87/10.0


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/account-analytic/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.


Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Pedro M. Baeza <pedro.baeza@tecnativa.com>
* Antonio Espinosa <antonio.espinosa@tecnativa.com>
* Luis M. Ontalba <luis.martinez@tecnativa.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
